hey guys whats up this is mummy filipina
333 and I'm going to be doing a review
for the clearest cosmetics 48 color eye
shimmer palette I picked this up
yesterday from Claire's normally I don't
go shopping there for cosmetics but this
really caught my eye I like the great
variety of colors and I like the fact
that it had a lot of shimmer so I
figured why not give it a try let me pop
this open for you so that you get a
better idea of what the colors look like
as you can tell it ranges from light
blues to darker blues then it goes into
blacks and silverish grays then it goes
from light Pink's to some darker pinks
and then some mabi kwame colors the next
color goes from light purples to darker
Purple's to pink purple colors down here
then you go from yellow screen to darker
greens to bluish greens and down two
more olivi colored greens and then the
neon green down here the next row it
goes from champagne colors to golden
colors and then it takes you down to
chocolate browns the last row it goes
from a frosty color into tans and then
it goes more into copper type colors and
this one's more like a bronze and then
you get these I probably say Browns but
they've got a little bit of purple to
them but I really like this palette as
you can tell it's got a lot of color
variety which i think is really nice and
let me see if I can um if I can show you
guys the pigment here on Adam on these
eyeshadows I will try
here and see if I can show you guys the
pigmentation seems okay it's not showing
up really really dark but as you can see
my finger I think that if you put a good
base under it I think you'd have a nice
colored eyeshadow and so far I'm
impressed with it I would say to go out
and get it it's a nice variety of colors
and it's easy to carry because it's all
in one batch so definitely go out and
pick this up and give it a try I don't
think you'll be disappointed thanks for
watching guys bye